---
layout: post
---

# Doing Advanced Analytics inside Tableau using R


Why this post
-------------

Basically, my analytical toolbox consists of a few basic things:

1.  Programming Languages (`R` and `python`)
2.  Storage (`MySQL` and `MongoDB`)
3.  Visualization and Reporting ([Tableau
    Desktop](http://www.tableausoftware.com/))

If I even remotely resembled a ***Data Scientist***, other tools listed
above would include the all things command line, Hadoop, d3, and some
familiarity with AWS. With that said, you can do some really cool
research with the tools listed above.

Recently, Tableau announced that with version 8.1, the software would be
able to talk to `R`. This is a great first step at attacking a popular
feature request, but the company, in my opinion, missed the point. The
large majority of Tableau users leverage the software to **visualize**
data, not clean and recode datasets.

In truth, the new integration with R is pretty cool. Users can execute R
commands on data accessed in Tableau. My big beef with this feature is
that the company already released an API for python. Simply, a python
user could create Tableau datasets (Extracts) programmatically from any
dataset, web or otherwise. This means they could access any API they
wanted, modify, recode, and fit models to the data ***BEFORE*** bringing
it into Tableau. This is ***EXACTLY*** what I wanted for R.

Nonetheless, I thought it would be fun to build upon my last post and
highlight how you **could** use Tableau to access your Google Analytics
data and then use `R` to do some basic analysis not native to the
software. I will talk about the downside this approach later, but it is
certainly worth highlighting the capabilities.

### Setup

Right now, Tableau Desktop only works in a Windows environment but will
be available for Mac users in an upcoming release (finally!!!). To be
honest, the setup is pretty straightforward.

Obviously you will need to have R installed. I am using version 3.0.1.
From there, ensure that you have the `Rserve` package installed.

    install.packages("Rserve")

Let's load the package. NOTE: You only have to run the
`install.packages` command above if the library is not already on your
system.

    library("Rserve")

The last step is that you fire up the server. Tableau will use this
service to pass commands (and data) back and forth to R.

    Rserve()

Because you leave `R` running in the background, I typically will just
fire up a new command line session and let the server run in the
background. For example, here is what my terminal session looks like:

![terminal](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAgEAAAIPCAYAAADq7A0RAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAAFnpSURBVHhe7b2Jlhw5jqbLt7y3e/p0d1XlLim1b6knnTt35nRnbZnaMrWEtpDCxsMlV1pQJH+AtNXt0zl9ujJIgsAHEICZm7uFRycfuq9vPOj4BwEIQAACEIDAtgiEx68+dN/epAnYltuxFgIQgAAEINB14cnrXRNwiyaAYIAABCAAAQhsjUB4+uZD9/1tmoCtOR57IQABCEAAAuG3tx+6H+7QBBAKEIAABCAAga0RCM/efegu3aMJ2JrjsRcCEIAABCAQnp1+6K7cpwkgFCAAAQhAAAJbIxBevP/Q/fgTTcDWHI+9EIAABCAAgfDiw4fu6gOaAEIBAhCAAAQgsDUC4eWuCbjWawJCCF3//4YCcpB5kBf/91D7jCVnSCYp24eUX8tgbT6ptZN1EIAABCDwkUA42TUB1z81AS2F+nxt6V+L7CmcpfTfw/rUICk7lb45ORb5SrYaV3ZOoYPSkXEIQAACEJiGwOcmoHR12lcld8WqiscamoDWAqkYKJe2rh9K/th6KD0ZhwAEIACBaQgUm4CUCqXb1qXiYWkC1EcRpfFYL3XLPVXwVfGL9+/LSI3Fe3jt86xX9lv0SzV704Qhu0AAAhCAwBwE3E2AUtJ6q1s1Bd7xc736a6xFMbanpZFRTcRhrxpGioeyPx5XfqyZb5HJHAhAAAIQWA6BwZuAXPHwFrFccW65GzBmkfYUzZYmYAr7PbYsJ5TRBAIQgAAEvAQGeyZAXVFbmoDSlbKlgFvmWAtc6eOEnJ6t+5cYWWSrOWpc3anwBhfzIQABCEBg2QTc3w6Ib7OXzEvdnrcWUNU0WIp0XzclL2WHWlNbtFvuBLQ0SiV/0AAs+6CiHQQgAIExCFxoAvpXydarRqXUuZy4wKgiWDNeuk1u3T/XCMR3D0qNkHUsnpcq0H12yjcW+2MZsb1D+VzFBOMQgAAEILAMAvsmoP9jQctQCy0gAAEIQAACEBibAE3A2ISRDwEIQAACEFgoAZqAhToGtSAAAQhAAAJjE/iiCbB+tuxVTD1k55U39XzPA5FKt9JDjfFzAErWkOM8EzAkTWRBAAIQWD6BC01AS6FWxatF9hQYlf7nOliKZIsci/xWFkq/KXRotYH1EIAABCAwDIFwcna2fzCwdHXa3yp3RayKxxqagNYCqRgol7WuH0r+2HooPRmHAAQgAIFpCBSbgJQKlq/AldYdxtQt8VRBLn1UUfrKXbxnrsip4hfv39cxNRbbUNK/f6dBNVqKXequhUW/VLM3TRiyCwQgAAEIzEHA3QQoJa0FVt0Z8I7HhU81BVY9S4VR6ZhjZd27P8+yV2p+qlFRPiw1ata1zIMABCAAgeUTGLwJSF2Flq5MrVeflivZ2sIfu6mmSOfsttwVyRXdXFG33CmwMvc2KssPaTSEAAQgAAErgfBy90zA1QGeCVCF1HIlW7oCVbfqhyjCqiFRNlh0LOlZkm+Rreaoce4AWI8N8yAAAQgcB4Hw8sNZ9+NPD/bWqCLXnxN/3q2ueJXs1nHVBCj5Sn8Ln9Lte9VgKPkW/VWRt+inZBxH2GMFBCAAAQjs686L92fdlfsfm4C4yFsKvcKY+kxa3W6vGY8/LigVdU+hO+ivPm9P8Yt1KH2kYZFfstFiv2riPFyU3xmHAAQgAIHlEwjPTy82ActXGQ0hAAEIQAACEBiCwL4JuHzvjzsBQwhFBgQgAAEIQAACyydAE7B8H6EhBCAAAQhAYBQCXzQB1s+WvdpYHmzzypxyfp9L676pz96HlF+rH88E1JJjHQQgAIF1EgjPeh8HtBRq9RBhi+wp0Cr9z3WwFMkWORb5rSyUflPo0GoD6yEAAQhAYBgCHx8M3D0TULo67W+Vu2JVxWMNTUBrgVQMlMta1w8lf2w9lJ6MQwACEIDANATC809fEbQm/tJt65IMSxOgPoqwfkUud9VulZ9DH6/vNw2psbipsO6vGq1Sw3bYM8db6XCw3RoP04Qpu0AAAhCAwBgE3E2AUiJXPFQT0DoeF/64kCr5luKnZFgLZw0jtbeyP9cYlfxptUfFBOMQgAAEILBMAoM3AeoqvFRsLXcSWu4GWItaTZH2FNka+d47DSl9rPZ7bFlmWKMVBCAAAQhYCBSbAMtt59wm6srVUvD7si0FzDLHWuBKtucamdb9S8wsstUcNW65G2IJKuZAAAIQgMA6CFz4xUBVuPsF9Hyu+teXp2S3jqviruSnbFFraot2y52A2jspMR+rDsrHjEMAAhCAwHoJfL4TEBcX61WjMr3fLJRu5ccNRqrJsH4UkGtQ1P65RiBXQJWOsbzSLf1UwxTLb7VfNXFD+VzFBOMQgAAEILAMAl+8QGgZaqEFBCAAAQhAAAJjE6AJGJsw8iEAAQhAAAILJRBefOAtggv1DWpBAAIQgAAERiXwxZ2Ams/NLRqqh+wsMuac0+fSqkfpmweWBy5b98+t55mAscgiFwIQgMAyCXz+2eBz9VoKtSpeLbKnQKf0T/FJ6dUiZ4oirPSbQocp/MkeEIAABCCgCYRn7866S3d4d4Cl+Kk5aly5o3X9UPLH1kPpyTgEIAABCExDIPz25qz77ma6Cchd6eaKRKl4WO4EqI8irF+Ry121W+Wr2+WpjwZKX/87yLPun/voocV+i359u2kEpjmA7AIBCEBgTgLh8clZ9/VVexOglLU2CKop8I7HhT8upEpeXKhLDVBurrVw1jCy6N+fU2pUlA8tLKwymAcBCEAAAsslEH599q7706U7yVcJ16qdKnLeIhbvbbmSrS38ub3U3y02WZoJS1Mxpf25Oym18cA6CEAAAhBYJoHwjyevun//9kayCSgV8/Ox0j9VID0fHViLUuuVeN+emkamdf8SM4tsNUeNcwdgmYcUrSAAAQiMRSD87eGL7n98dXUvXxXu/hzVBMTylOzWcdUoKPmWK3YlI3U73iLXcyegVKhVkbfop2SMFYjIhQAEIACB6QmEn3991v3Ln6983jm+7dyqUr9ZULJbxtXauIGxNDGHNbmGJiUj/kgidXchpWuqQMfySzZa7FdNHA1Aa7SzHgIQgMC6CISff9k1AX+6vC6t0RYCEIAABCAAgWYC4eeHz7p/7d0JaJaIAAhAAAIQgAAEVkEg/O3Ry+7fvr62CmVREgIQgAAEIACB4QiEfz593f3Hdzc/S7R+tuxVQT1U55U39fzSZ/1eXVKfvQ8p36vPYX7pmYA4Lnh+oJYy6yAAAQgsh0B4+Oy0+8uVe3uNWgq1etCuRfYUuJT+KT4pvVrkTFFYlX6WRsDSNEzhM/aAAAQgAIE2AuHJ7hcDv7nGuwMsBVjNUePKVa3rh5Kf02PpjZyyn3EIQAACELhIYP/ugO9v2X822PIVuNwVcv8qVN0ST12xWr8il7tqVx91qCKcuiUeXxVbdbTYF8+xyi7d1VEMSlf5NAGkDwhAAALHRSA8Oz3rLt+1NwHK/NqrSFVg1Hhc+OJmxbJe3fJXMlQToW6jl+SrvZX9yjZP41ZqBFV8MA4BCEAAAsshEF68P+uu3B+uCVBX4Z4rzT6m1FV46Uq5dDWs8A/VyOT2qZE/pf0WH1obHsWacQhAAAIQmI9AeHl21l190P5MQGyCunItFZHSRwUlVNbCZJln0UHZOEYT0GK/xe7SHYNae+cLb3aGAAQgAIFi3TjZNQHXdk2A9crZcyu4XzRUAWkdLxUvq22tjUzJ3tRdDc9+io+yPx633o0o6W1tKjiCEIAABCCwTALhvAm4/qkJ6BeKoRJ8/5Z9fEs7VwRVgSpdpVvuMHhsO+ifKvDxxxExP2VfrmnINVolfortQZdSE2dlF8taZmijFQQgAAEIKALhVdQEqAWMQwACEIAABCBwHAT2TcCN3p2A4zALKyAAAQhAAAIQUARoAhQhxiEAAQhAAAJHSoAm4Egdi1kQgAAEIAABRYBnAhQhxiEAAQhAAAJHSuCLbwccqZ2YBQEIQAACEIBARIAmgJCAAAQgAAEIbJTAvgk4/FjQRhlgNgQgAAEIQGCTBGgCNul2jIYABCAAAQh0HU0AUQABCEAAAhDYKIH9C4T4OGCj3sdsCEAAAhDYNIHPbxHcNAWMhwAEIAABCGyQAE3ABp2OyRCAAAQgAIFzAjQBxAEEIAABCEBgowR4JmCjjsdsCEAAAhCAwOcmIH4ffend8kvHNpfuMUMvp5QPvDL2t3dCqFl2YU2KobLPqn9OPyVfGVXaf8j4LvHt7xPrO1dcKm6H8Vi/mhiw7lWaV2JoXTfEGRjClr4MC9+h90QeBBSBC18RPJYgnSPZtrIrJVzlxFKi8azNFYNDY9FPrBZ7PTZZ5FkKQI7FUDFRkmPZwzKnxmdDrFE+UOND6FCKQY//5+JsaRBrbRySL7Ig8DkOz38x8PqDB/v/nvKQH7sLvEkox956RdN6Fa0Sk4oNpb9Xv6H5eeXF8an098j3zJ3ynJR87GnohtDZy0jF5xA6KRlK5yXoqGxgfHsELrxKuCVILWtLibQ/lmpI+n/LHTZroi4ltFiP2pBQCSFXZCx2eq6IPPp7dLYUjJbC4dEljpdUHHjl5bip2LPyHkof637Weed69RtC1Rz25bacv1Tc93VR+iue/fHcGW/JT/HaUpyk+Cr7GIfAWASSTUBNIVRNgBovJfJUU1A69Jbio/RRSUUVCU8CS9mea4RUINTq7dlP8T3YrualbLEm6HhenORVYxD7J5fEc/NyTZz17Hj9pPRT4ypu1LjS13uevPOVfnETUYqtVGOj9FH5yXN+LLYwBwJTEQivdx8H3Ex8HKAOfS4J5q4cLJ1yKbF7Dpml+KhD77Vf8VAOjfl47O3LbtHbsjY3x6q/ZY8a26375+JT+UetU/HUGh9W/caal7Mv1/ApHt5xj10qRlubAKvNHp2ZC4G5CGSbAG8iHuJQD1Ug1t4EqIJTChYrw5yM0nrL2CFB5uLHqp91XsxK7d/CtnQmVPwP1ajNlih2HxP02cYslP2t48puJT/lu/6amvVrb+wUU8a3QSC82d0JuDXQg4Gpq7Fc0rUU6lLitBQkz3pLEvAUX3U1UkqopULVZ5zSx1s8rTIUH6s/FZfaIq32V/pbj3ur/kP4x6rr0PNKDBXf1nFli5I/dROwZj8r1owfF4HPTUCquNQEsqU4lxJ27fr+Ic81I61NinJ9SX7pijU1popNromw6KDsKCVMC8NSLHnWW/RMNXq5RqmFTby2JoZrzpOXwdjzUxxy8Zu7UrbGtpeX8m9J91T+KMVWjnMu9sb2C/IhUEvgwscBtUJYBwEIQGDpBLxNxdLtQT8IDEGAJmAIisiAAAQWTUDdJVi08igHgREJXPjFwBH3QTQEIAABCEAAAgsjEJ6fnnVX7n38xcDzf2vomGtu6039WZ3lc8/c5/q1MaJ8pz4T7cdASgclv6S3+kx9bP+o/RXz3PrYh0rOEONTsRpCV6+MsW3zxKhX96Hm1+Q3z95jyW/JD2uqP4r1WHzVvrXj4bc3Z90Pt9b1s8G1kC3rhkjqqgGIA77vPIuOpQKdk52Sa/1bvzks6a4SbCxn6CZIHYLYXi/r1vVKP8+4V3fV4A0Rgx79VQzX2lerg9W3rfnBsr7F9rHlW/jW6m/1gUWHseYsge/QtoXHJ2fdt9cefPHegFTiH3rzqeWp4FTjFn2tDUCJb40e6gDlxg9B7e3ia3RUMVUr0+KXoRqZVONi3X/IeTWsatYMqbOSNad+6vyo2FW2DbFe7TEnv9Ym0nNBojiMNb4UvkPbFx69OO2+unIv2QTEm5UKRR9Qf14pOEprSkGhCm1c2PpXQWrMWwytwe8NIO/8nK9KtrccvFr9SutS8ZDiO9TeXjmpQmHVTxWZOO7iZqNfRNT5spwdy5ya85/TzZK4lD8s+Sd3vtX+3r29/FL+jX2sco/V/pr4SMWXx//WPJjzg+Kv9FN8U7mlz7/mfHr85z3fUzSNn2vDw2fvur9cviObAAXJcqWlZChHpQpa7m/qkFr0VYlDFd6Wg2E5FJ4DFbPNBZnatyXJq8COZafioRQDyl+Wg1iSUVrviW1L7HnlWWJR+bblfCl9W31jkW/NH+rcxMm9JuZK+cfKopQ/5pBvzWfWOLPK856Xg/9UzHjzi9Uui288uql4aR0PD5+fdn+5cndRTUDOiS1JyhtINWBLQWINoJqEYzlMcQGrbQLG0k/5J1WAc8laJXnVjFjWH2TkeHgPeev8vk25Rs0ag3MlMc/5Kemo8oc62zk9FL9UjFrOpqWBs8Ss0s+TP1OMlH0tuUHp7jkfNAEqwi+Oh0cv33df/3hfPhOgnKCSeM24NRlbZFvmqEC0oPUkEM/clr3jAtGaDCwJyeM7SyEdwzdemS1FSp2fscc9Plt7E2A5K6rwWhiUCrx3vadZaM0bNbqp+PToX2owcnLU/v1xmgDfCQhPXu0eDLyhvx2gnGApsqmrlZrgUYeg37F6DmocSIdg8iH942uWQyeakh7KP9aDr9i2dPuqEJVsUPZZfNQq45iaAI8tlrPdyrYlNlpj0mJfPEfZq87b0PyVfirPeu3x6t96Pj36TdEEeO1X+qdqY239sbC+EA/nXxG8dNv2OwH94ppSMB4vGZGDYoGr9Cgd6r5OpYPa6gBVTFWScDvy01veSmxK/kmNxQws3C2NipV7TYzk9u/rXlM0LLarObEOffu8ScIS41bOMY+cHZbYqmGrLg5y+qUKWyl/qDOl/BfrmWvyD+dmSv4pRiX9SufBkrtU/KXkK/4qDjzxZ9UvF0O5prRkVymHWs63atQs/Grm7H8s6Mf7fzQBNUK8B7/loKok79WlxV7WQgACEIDAOgiMUXeGstzbJAy1777ZOdm9Svjap1cJtwhWXbQab9k71QXHV7FDyEcGBCAAAQisj8AU9aeVylw67puAGwM0Aa0AWA8BCEAAAhCAwLQEPjcBpc8zprzSrv0saVps5d0sn6ml7lRYOsGx+Vjlj3lrbUzZJc8p/mrcGoNriA/1eXZt/OYYWeNuf/vy0/MvVt5x/vKuYz4EjpnAvgm4/ulOgPVzidpDeDjAKhG0HPQlOKuUQHMJycK+hbuFi1W+J2Fb9o3nWPWokW2JvVT8WfyTkl0qlv35Sr4aH/LMjBW/yl9Wv5fmpXiXOCudGIfAsRMILz6cdVcnagLUIVfjUzhj7AJX2wSMzcYqf6ir4Sl82bKHKroWXpY5UzcliolV5yH4DN381equmDAOgWMmEJ71XiWsDnaugMV/L11JlIqIOsSWtYcrgZwtqoi1NAFKtuXKT+lfG4zq6k6xj680LfNT9lp9GF/RxetSV3yx7/o6Kvu9BUnZbzkDJV+W4tdyp6ImTpRNnitqj6xc/lAx4I0vj/41/FgDgTUSCL+93b1K+M7FHwtShdBywGuTbm5vS4OSSvqpoportEM5sMSnxNZTIFWCLBXEVDOniqzin1qfK8KKvyV2rPqUGldVqK1X6UM2EGPFhyW2Pec6jj9VYFV8eBqbnJ4W/dWFjIUTcyBwTATCk9dn3fc3078Y6E2C3kLiSZ4q6feTSK7w9/+eSjpDOdaSjEr2pAqBxX7rlaXiU0rIyseWmJm7CVD7l2JD+VaNW+Nu6viw6qWKqMV+S4zU+MCzt2fuUHkBORBYIoHw+GT3s8HX25sAS5FSB6803iq/v75UBEpXYlYHKjstVz3KXsseuauzmibA07ClOFn555K/l4cqoqropfgq5mpcFdCcv4aIlyFj1+oj6545Ljme3r+3xq7XDuZDYE0Edi8QOuu+uTZ9E+BNsqoIeJL6HE2A0r913BJ0cSE+cLAUmdZEOnYT0Lch18i12O/1T8kfltj37qfmW+Kj1KQo+Wrcsr9VhqUJsMyx6MQcCBw7gfDw5Yd9E9BPnP3ikLo6yc2Nk28p2cV71Oxf0s1StKxXbtYgiG3IJTWVoGrHlZ6lIpgqojl5Fl/V8C/xsxYIayFTsaniM6WPlb/l/KTOoOKuxpV+qfNkPWMq9tXeqdj0+iCOYUsMKr0Yh8CxEwiPdh8HHO4EHLux2He8BLxNwvGSwDIIQAACdgLh8e5Vwt99ejDQvoyZEFgegSGvhJdnHRpBAAIQGJ7A/iuClz59RXB48UiEAAQgAAEIQGCpBPY/FjTUq4SXaiR6QQACEIAABCDwJYHwcqBXCQMXAhCAAAQgAIF1EQivdk3ATV4lvC6voS0EIAABCEBgAALh9a4JuEUTMABKREAAAhCAAATWRWDfBHAnYF1OQ1sIQAACEIDAEATCCU3AEByRAQEIQAACEFgdgfBi1wRc5+OA1TkOhSEAAQhAAAKtBPZfEbz608d3B/APAhCAAAQgAIHtENj/WNCVezQB23E5lkIAAhCAAAQ+EghP3+x+MfAuTQABAQEIQAACENgagfDkNT8bvDWnYy8EIAABCEDgjzsBvDuAaIAABCAAAQhsjkB4unsm4PLumYDW94H3yaXe1T4U2b6eQ8lckpxjt28I1jAqU6w5f0Mxze1tyS+Wt0Dm9FRr1aumlX658fO/76+mdv+/xFDtr85Fimvpbwe9lNzDuFd+LLeWX06O5e99na37l+y1sjq2eeH3d7sHA+9/fCagNVDHBpxy+jE5xGKf93AfE5+pGs21Mys1AaX4qWkeUj5RjUAqT1hyjzofyu6+7an94hwYs8oVSkves9hXijtLkVZ8hpJf419LfSk1Usr+uBk77JfzTWusrz1HXDi3z9+fddc+/U5Aa6CODebYHafsU+Nj81+SfFj4vaGYqXFPEVFJO1VwVZFWRbmlCagp5Jar1aGKUL9AWpqoVNH1+M/rH0+Rt+ifq0WlGCnZvPTa5j/Nw63Y/2LgjYGagFIn13dQbbKxHPJURxgHnepkW/WrlW+1TyUElXhKCbqFnwpLS6efsi3nv7gotOyv4jPWXTFM6abOR0uSHlJ/bwGxFAA1R505b1OhCrQ6oylfpApJf57l/FqajdLe/T1y/7tmD8XXUkTVnNK4dW2tzUq+yh3HPH7hBUKpRFdjvAqoliRjKRJxQlQJyDKuOKggs45b7VNJTjFWPor1UPorPkpfJV+Nq/3Ves/4ocCXEpJHntI950tvIbMW2pR9Skdlb6pJOeyTavJUvHjPrEU/65nJnVEP39h2K99cjlbn2Sr/wCBmYeGn6kdpXMlPrfXaHMtQTLYyHt7s7gTcTtwJUAFdAuRNTlbYSqdS4coFUSoB5Q650rOknwpylYDUeFyQSklSJbFSkWs5SEMkgdhfyifW+co/iq+KL+U/ZYfav7++9vwpBpYzX4oPq3xrcrfIS8VyyRfeM6y4H/a3xmGOcez/Uq6r2UvFlze+lQ9zvsvFj7LfarOqIeocHuN4eLtrAu4M9HHA2I5QDvQcYMuVRq3D1QHIJaGh7CsV8ZKPWvgpVipht45791f+L+lj4WspmErnXIHJFTZ1/rzxpeaXCqD3DHj9X2pyUxyUfMXO0sRZ9vAwtfAtxYJ3r1ShzXHx+lf5S7ErNQ2qEfOMe87kscwN7yZqApSTLUBVUHuKmNJH7dVSRIZoAtQhrLGvhZ/yn1cf7/wp97c0AUPrH8eMx1eWoqiSdCtfJV/xstivGreD30oF3cu1JFOdUcVUFS+PvZa91tQEDJFDU0wODPp+tbBb85zPTUDK+NpC2JeVOiReuX2H59bm9kwdpBYZJWcrHUrjam2cyFNBWjrEMcNcUrUkwRr/WffPXXmo9ZZDqBhb/FNKzC3yPfqrBGixI46f1vOvinisU6lAWmOwdLZL9tSc/5z+B45q3JLDLLnF2hjUFLFS/vD4t9R0puqBahBVvKdyYyk/1sSX5Xyudc6FjwPWagR6QwACEIAABCDgJ7BvAg4PBvqXswICEIAABCAAgbUS2H874NanBwPXagR6QwACEIAABCDgJ7BvAm7umgD1mY9f9PZWqM+Et0dkHItTn/f2d6p9ZmEobdXn3UPtM5acufkpu5T/1fpjH1+6/xR/5d9W+1rXK/3XNk4TMILH1hxkNQ8UjYBQirQ83COFJCYMYb968KxGr8OaIfRT+yu2av0U42s+YyU+Q/j3GNioGMxxsvA7Bj5DnjGagCFpfpK11iBbk95j6DqGzCHvUIytnzoKc+8/JEtl6xzjS+I7h/2t/oVfndc+PxMQA1S3NOOOy7Jeqdi/DZSTf/i7Vz/r3qVALOlnCWC13mp/f15q35rDEO89Ft8W/6V09NjfwjdmXsOnpL86P2P755xjCx/v+crZm4vtlH6lHFGTP6w25M6XlV/flv4dnqnjW9kbjw+dv5T8Wv/W5ker/2r872U95fz9twMODwZaIMRBa/1vr1GlJBsnhNKhsu5r3S9nr2oCrEnewjNVSJV8C4dS8zC0fFVU1X4eXa3xUZIZy7AUq1ySS/lY2ZuywdKwWvyu9LTEvNpH2Tf2uMd/KVta9bPsr+JP5ZiSn5T+a/CfikMrP5XrLflC8bTqorhPMb7/saD+VwRVl2MpUiph5QzzdMKlQ1VK0Grvg9wW+ZYgU4m3FGSlJqDUyKmA8hTWmiAvFf6U7w92Wg6lJUEqna3jKf41+/f3U0lFnSnFT/m+Rv8Wmcre2vFS/JfiT9niiY1c/lH71+xhaVi858cqsxQztf5Thb50DhS/liZJ2aPOp4qvOcfDae9ngz2AFRSrQ6xNhYLs3a9UhEtF1uKsOZsAi36WRsjbpFj29TQZLfurWMiN165TulpiXJ2nseP/WJqAUhwq/7astchWczznwzOXJuCiZy35WZ1HL39LfpxrzoV3BxxTE6AOnOp2hw4Cr7zSfEuTMqf9YzQZip8qYpb1/TmWROG1U/n04NfcOSzpZ7HPmmQsTZI3vpR+Y4+rJkqxadXPsv9Q/rXE7hr9l2umU3/3FulW/6r1sY79s65ib+zx5AuEVBKwjFuCPncFVSpyFud6A9waRAe5Fvv7c1MBkAqCknzPwa61v+8zr34qUBW7eG+1f+nqJreXV4dUY+GJv1xST8VGin3J54pPTZKJ+Xj398RA7D9LEo255dYovWvYeOMz3sMSe57z541/C1+P/7zxZ9nf61/l51J98eZnr/65GMudfcV+zHF+NnhMusiGAAQgAAEILJhAeM3PBi/YPagGAQhAAAIQGI9AONk1Add5d8B4hJEMAQhAAAIQWCiB8Pz0rPvx/h/vDrB+djWXPZ7PZHM6tnxmPpfduc+3+n+32GWZM6eN+Pcj/dLnnSX/tPp3CZ9ZKh1abWyNb+9n0a37Wc7+0HtYYqz22YpWXXP+X3rtarV7rPXht7dn3aU7H5uAOPnM5WRLALbMmTuJtDrTUijX2gBZfKPmqPFW/mOvn8u//X3nZtjCQOWGVv+pItQi35Jz5/ZNrkm12G2xT8lR9qtxJX9r4+HJq7Pu+5sPPtu9dIAW/Sxz1upoi21jJdApmLXaN4WOY+7Rar9l/RoaxBY75rKvVefW9WPG5RB3I6ayb6p9puQ95l7h0clZ9+11WxMQw81dORz+Hnd9/b/XdIRW56pOfYzx2LaUfcp+67glIFI2WvmpJFqSfbC7Zi/rmjH817+6UfaNvf/c/p3b/7X5o3R+Uuezf0bjPS0xkCuMKf1LuTMVe0Ps39fPkp9U3CkZLfzV+bOMH/SvPZ/K/mMdD49efui+udbeBKRuEfWdoQ7BkIBVMbEUSKXv1OPeW3CKgZe3sjfWL5fIvfum5ivb8K+fsjXBlxJt6rz3C21JK0t8WffOnRVP3JTiVxWZlJ4W+5R+LfZb9m/xj0W+1T6V65ScmvPvPzHHs2LXBJxN2gSUusWhsA4RJJYuv5/gWg9BKgnHCVTZler8x2JaOmgHvT36evRUci1JYGj/WnUqxb+SMaZ/vYl3aP9bzo/1Si8XS4pvXPitxT6nV3+9xT6l3xqagJb4TuXAoS4CVHx78s+xzQ2Pzz8OuDH9nYAxQarD1FIkrAmmpEPN/ioBTl0gWmxo9f0S/VujU02CGzOZeWJ2aP9biqT1DHiLt1WumleywWKfiqE1NAGeuwmlnOWJxVxDb83Vrflo7evD0zdn3Q+3bE1APwFZkoC3Ex4KpjpMXt1TiVcd6qHHrUVe2V7LWNkzZnEa4pAr/ecen9u/yn+Kj1qv4s4iv6UIxvpZcoC3iAzZBHiLoOKnxlv9Y5HvqQde+9X5segX1zfF5FjGw7Pd7wRcufuxCTiAshSS0iHqy0k5xyK/BnCsf87xOTuV/aVxS5C1yLcUwrG4xsnX4vsa/6k1+Dd8/iqvYuUdV7Gp8oNlvdIpzhtDn99SkrfoX4q/VIE7/1su/+WaplzuTPFXfEqFsSZXeP2T8rfVvhSfsc//ZpuAl7tfDLzm/MXAXADVBJZKDIxDAAIQgAAEIDAOgf27A24amgDVKavxcdRHKgQgAAEIQAACtQTCm10TcNvQBNRuwDoIQAACEIAABJZJILzbNQF3aAKW6R20ggAEIAABCIxIIJzumoB7NAEjIkY0BCAAAQhAYJkEaAKW6Re0ggAEIAABCIxOILzf3Qm4z52A0UGzAQQgAAEIQGBpBGgCluYR9IEABCAAAQhMRIAmYCLQbAMBCEAAAhBYGgGagKV5BH0gAAEIQAACExGgCZgINNtAAAIQgAAElkaAJmBpHkEfCEAAAhCAwEQEaAImAs02EIAABCAAgaURoAlYmkfQBwIQgAAEIDARAZqAiUCzDQQgAAEIQGBpBD43AepdzR7Fj/WVwupNiWq8xLD0nm0P+ynmHqt/++zWbGON7muKvylifM49Uv7DP3N65Lj3vnAnIA6+mmRyjqt23VpQK/vUeM7O2nVDcjvXQf1bgp5Kx9bxsWy08B1T99L+Y9ncas+a1g/h35wfhvDPEPqtyR/oqglceHfAUE2A3nbdM9RhVONLbQJq9V63N6fTfm6+an81Ph2pde40Nr9W+a3r1+kVtFYEBm0C+resUh2nGpfK7q5SW26Lqf3V+EE/dZhUJ28djxmW9Iu5pPawrs8xtqwvMbLyTcVB356Ufq32x3p7+fXvgFnWqhiKGZRk1uiu5NXqZ4kRKx/FoFXHnPwa/WK7YxlDxGdqj9x5K+3fcr4POcnCSOVzxpdBYN8E3P30AqFSkHnUVQmmnzA9cvtzaxOA99CoglQznrM/d3BT8xXj3EG3FGnlE7W3RV+v/7wyVdJV+5d84dXF2jyWuFuYq32sNpcSfU7HvmzLei9fC3MPP+/+ar4lp8WMcv6w/j0lr/Z8e+1rPV8qxzA+HYF9E3AnagIsAe05cCo5Wc1taVKsCdCiq1dWLFN14ikdPIc0l4QVP2WXJ8Hk9I11sPreUgRKicnCr9RkptgdOFvPi5WvaixVkbUWkXgfL6Mcr5r4s+xtmWNpUhRfT6yVYibHdyj/zdUEKP96zjRz5ycQ3u2agNuJJsCa2CwHSiUbC4aWBGCxxSNfJfPUuEV+aU7NektR8ySxIZoAi6+tidzCJKez14fe+TXnosQmTvilmF5iE6B8pcYthdnKz+IbpY/ljNfmPav/5moC1BlWZ0WtZ3xaAuHtrgm4NUEToA6VMnvs9R75KsgtCcI7x6JfSS/veo+suNB6bVO+txZyj85eHyp+ajwuYmp/Vag8tqb4De0j1aQoPmrcEmOeJkDt5x23+Nfq8ymagFb7VIOjbDgf598yCIQ3uybg5q4JODit7xxr0OYOaC7QvHJT8ktXQupK0hKgqSDtMyrxiudZ9I+TaClJe8cs++fm9Fkq+5VPclysRyG1v6c4lPZXSbFvW238xDKsdnuLuMXOOL5bz38pJi3xZ+GfikUPQxV/Fm65hlSdH7V3Kr5SOaEUQ7EPVZ7IFXK1LlfAvTZ6fMfc8Qh8bgLG2wLJEBiGQG3zaNndW4QsMpkzDoEx42AcjZEKgeUSoAlYrm/QrEfAcpXRCmyKPVp13Op6fLNVz2P32ARoAsYmjHwIQAACEIDAQgnsm4DzBwMtn/cuwYZjuBWoPnNbAudWHSyfEaf2aPVv6rPtVluObX0L42Pg22L/EmLhGHywBI7o8JHA/tsB518RPDzsET+MsjRQcx/g3EMxHk45G4awbQj9PLZ4C7myUY2XdMs9SNVqz7Gtr2W8Br6W+K+1f0lxcAw2LInnlnXZ/07A4ceC9l3Bp5/mXSqUOfUbe+9W+a3rh/C5RYfSHMv6nJ4ta4ew/dhlLJ3v0vUbMj62ZOuQ3JD1JQFXExAHXu7KIHe7qv93S8ceq6sCX8kvjcdjsX6p8f6c2OaUrl79UvIPTHK+8NjY5zuk/paDVuJjWe+9A9FvcJVvapphFR9D7K/iR3HzxEbqfLacPxVfQ/KrzT+tfKbin7NP7c84BJJ58/xOwOHdASr5lZqA1Npck6D2qXFVi25K91zhLTUppYOaS6YlG5R9iql3vTVppxoJi/9UQbHIyDUxlgZDzfEm2jjWY39Mwd/KTNleOg+qwJbOSiofHJoNxc9yQWCNqRb7rblA+ULFg3dc7cc4BHIEBrsToAqppdNvcZNKAN5DZUkUucSUSmyWYrmUJiCnv5dxyZ9KVk0slGQq//fjV/kv2U33PkbLFbbD33MNW6nxGvL8WGLbMqcU06X1io+KP2sjkk16iY88VXyocUu8pnyYayrUfmOcH4sNzDk+AvsHA63PBHgDsz9/7KBV8lt0t3b/SgclZylNgApzT7FVBVPt5Rn36OUtckqPONbjQq/iL9cYqJhReln5D62fl+/Y/FQTruxX48oPan3ruNqfcQhkm+LDVwStySbuZq1XAyrIW12k5LeOq6SukrhKQqn1pSZKJVmvvUp/Jc9in9pj6BiwxqY19kv6jV3EPPwVRxU7OT+N2WQNzc+jqzp7lnEvc+VP77jan3EIZJuAk92dgOvRC4QsV7SlRNJvFFKJ2CK/xmWlBqV/kGuTYCzDa1usX67IW/ipRH0uI/5naeAsydPiPwvjGh9nA/nTLd5a/VXsKF0t9k7JP6WvNf5KRW8svl5+Q8R/rtB6dFFxkcsRsf6q6Kdyj+UcevRj7jYJhOfvz7or9x64rM8FH0HpwshkCEAAAhCAwKwEwm9vzrofbukmQF0pqfFZrWRzCEAAAhCAAAS+vEP8+OSs+/aabgJgBwEIQAACEIDAcREIvz4/7b66cu+zVUPc0h9CRgvmKfa3fG6YsmEK3WrY5Z5DqJG19jVz+Kj0ef0SeK5JvyXwatFhjvhT+lryg/Vu8Nz2zb2/Yj31ePjl2bvuL5fvTNYEnDug5Z9l/dhOtjwclbNxbN1a2Vr4tuyh1s69/7l+yr/Khtpxy8NhtbKHWLc2/YaweQ4ZS80RVr3UPDXewtySP8bcv0X3udZ+bAKu3B20CRirAC7BeRYdVBGxBOocAWGxbUy95t5f2Ta2fmsrsmPzUP6Ix5emj1f/pc+38rXOG9reufYd2o6p5e0+DnjffX31/n5fBfEwnptXGo/HUjLGXN+3z7J3qlArPn3nlfaodbKXj3efvs4WRkPa2xofFlvnjF+Pfoe5nnjzxLflrKf0bWlSUrEVn7EW/6RsyulryV8leZb1qfyhYmDM8634W3ybOqOWOInjuZafl8+Q8WWxXcWv8v9c4+HR7sHA727oBwMtQaKSlyeptRRRy1plj0VGyWkeWy3O9+pbs38/iOMk6N2/ptCUdFb7K4ae9SpJWRJfK3/veot9qhBYGcZxotbl8kKLv9X5VPwUr6HHrYxy50bpY5FfkmGRb5ljOffKd0PJyDGp2V/ZrsYt/plrTnj69qy7dNvfBNQUQOvBzCUZtb7UhCgnqXFLYPaZWHW1Ol7pp8Yt+7QkibjAeHmp+a32efzR0gT0Y/f8f3v+pYq0db2FT3yuPExUU2jRU+kYs+vzs+iq2Hvk53Qt7WHRsYZT6mzU7NVyvj06KN1S42pNf/9jqA+WOJhqTni2+7GgH+/P3wSoBKGKhCrASr4aLzUYsbMsAe11sNJPjVv2a0kSNAFh/3Fay78WH1rWtsalZQ/PxUGp6anZq0We2s/DzjM3xctSJGv2aDnfczcByj9LqQ8ePVpyxZBrw8vezwbXHmBrEWw5pJ4rkZpDZAkySyNQczgtDlX6qfHWPSzyS/717q/283JW8lQTqeLPIz/HokWGZa2XmTrXXnktRajGPk++UVeaan81bon/Un4ZQn4L/6mbAGWvyvGl2FRrLbbW6BfHmCcmxpwbzt8dcOPTuwPURgfDc4Dj8RLs87FckjmMtazv6xIfrpogUAlxig6wxF8Fpce3uWRk9X8Li5TfLP5T9qWSfCn+cnqMpV8pXi22KfuU79QeY+gX54B4j1xMW/NCab2KUbWHyl+pcQ9jKwslM9XcWmO7zyD1v0v+s+Rfj39TBVT5yHu+W/Or5YyV8ofHl0PO3TcBN41NwJAbIwsCENgWgVTSXgqB1iZ6KXaU9Fgy/zXwO1YdXXcCjhUCdkEAAuMSsFwljauBlr4GHbUV6RnHbFstE9Z9JBBe7O4EXONOAPEAAQhAAAIQ2ByB8Pvp7lXChm8HbI4MBkMAAhCAAASOnEB4unuV8KU7+iuCR84B8yAAAQhAAAKbIxAevdr9YuBNmoDNeR6DIQABCEBg8wTCw5dn3bfXaQI2HwkAgAAEIACBzREIv5y/QOjaxxcI8Q8CEIAABCAAge0Q+NgEfHqL4HbMxlIIQAACEIAABPZNwDfXfoIEBCAAAQhAAAIbIxAennwwvUp4Y1wwFwIQgAAEIHD0BMKTNx/4iuDRuxkDIQABCEAAAl8SCL+dfjC9Shh4EIAABCAAAQgcF4Hw/P17fjb4uHyKNRCAAAQgAAETgfBi1wTwFkETKyZBAAIQgAAEjopAeHl6um8C4rdMLfW1kxa9lvDO5tK7rksRZLHPsr7mfeZHFdkFY5YQH2OxzsXPEDYP+SY6zsfwEWD1T2uOqdF8afFXY8Oxrgkvek3AuZH9AFliIbEGsHXeGI4t7a30UuOWBiD24xg2rl1mC+cl294Se1a7Wtm16Niyd5zblpjfrD6w5oHUvBaGLfoNte9QclpsOaa14dmuCbjee5Xw0gFb9bPOG9qZln1bkmDL4R/a1jXLs/hpjfaNFVt9Fi3sLGvHssGy9xp9Huu8VDuH0msoOcfg6yFs2L1F8PTCtwM8BzDXWR/+Hnfa/b/XdOHK+bF8z/6ptZ713qvvlC3KPuVwtb7EP/aZklW6wsitte4/dvzUyB8yPmrYKt9b4i93Xg+yredTxa7iW2tLKze13hqfFtbe86Fyl4VZ7Mdcc1DyX853fZsVx5yuc8efh2GL/2rjo1W/2vXh0cnphd8JKDk4HvP8t5pba0Au8NV+pfFD8S8FrUqEyp7ag6QOmDUBK/1LyaB0QIbwRy3/EvOWeIgPdY1+an8VL0OMxz71xre1yFhjwOOvVvtVkbX4J8XrEAtKPyXfOq7ssBQgdfZTMpR+yv64iUidqT5LTx0aIt6U/hb7W+JD7T/m+O5ng08vvErYA1+ByUHxFhgLAKsu8SFKBVBNkrccvr4dQzcBan/FRx3SGh+U7C3pU+Kf85/ST9mfSq65pDRFfCh7asYVc0uBKcWZlbFF92M7H142LfartS1NQO35U42FOn+W3KkYW+IuN8ciO65ryg8t+gy5Nvzjt3e7dwf88SrhsZuAIZWvLTIpHeKGpbZTtTjeMqeGU4vvVBPh0aclyRz0UPw9+qgEZLF9qPiw7OW1zTrf0gRYZOXizJMoS/sc4/lQbNS4xS+HOYpf6/n06GLN0UrnNTUBtXzmWhf+/vTthbcIKmeUOkFPklH7eIGoQ+QZP5+ripCn4FoC2GuvamTicWV/a3FS8j3jrfwtbDz6pGLBGx9qvziBHxgMERe54hA3Nv09a+Lba6PFT2Paby1Q1uLqaWwUq5b8qNYO0QSoPSy+nSP++vXLE1vKX63506PL0HMvNAGlAq+KSh9CDrRHfo2h8b45x1kOQcqpHv2te9TYWTpgluRd0q3mcKcKWKqIlfhZeHn4K0Ze/w6hn0X/2iSl4igl13M+cuc71ThYbLDwVDZ5xr3s4/i1rFf6eOK/5hzG8pV/++OeIteqm2pKc/Jr7MvVrVR+GsJ/NWzUvmOPf/FxgGVD5SSLDOZAAAIXCawxgfQtWLv+xOO6Caj4U+Prtr5e+92Dge+672/+8UxATpTqhNV4vYqshAAElk6A8790Dx23fsRfvX93XxF8112+o5uA+i1YCQEIQAACEIDAEgnsfizoXXf1J/3tAMvnfMpAurU/CNV+Jtp6S2sIPyo/zzGuPtO0fp6Yu73dGrvHyr3G160xXLOndc1W/TSE3a1nxOoj5g1LIDx79878s8FDHd6h5NSgqHkgxLOPRX7JfsVGjZd07a9tkePhMdVcSxNwrkvM4KBfnARTSbGVWev6qViOvU8LB8v5qtV/DedjKvtrGcZnrEUOa6chsG8C+q8SbilQVpVbkoB1j9S8sfe1yG+dY1mfY9SytoX7FGtVExAX+1in+CqGJmAKr/n2GDt+x5bvs/bL2WPrN5T8oeS08mK9jUB43msClPNUpxwnUk8xSsn2dr2l/XNJvq+jdX2q2/XIt7gm5QvlHyVXrW+xX+3dZ1ayLVV8PbKtxX7OJqDUYBxi3sIoFbulv6nzuWT/e86XYpe7Wm05Hyq+LeOlOG+133uGFMNSbla5q/aMW2xgjp/AF3cCrIEYH6TY8aUDlRvzyMgl8VIRUIfck1RLidzT/Awx1+L2VBKxFIzcnNaDrHzt8VUqwVpjLBUvuULs1ckbo335Md8aXil5ufOh5OfOe6kYeGLbu7+XrdJfnQ/vfsqemljy5NQW+an4V/ao3JlqvGp0tOQ65vgIhN92dwKu9V4lbGkCconTepCsCdobJGq+dTxX4LyJWSUOD2ufW9OzW5OIsl/pWIoPT5JJ7WNdb409a9LyFEGlY4mvde1Bb6v+8VmOfZRK7qkioXyvioSyL2VPTrexz29Kfk1u8cSO1f5ck2fxT8kHqbOb0996xhQzi87MaScQHr161125Z/uKoCVILCqNHSRW+aXElJKhglaNq4PccoBbuFsLhsW+nB4qyatxZZ91vSc2lEwvjxZ5nrWqSNfEtjV2lZ9ycpR9an+LL9Sc0rjSr0W2hZnXfqWPt5H2yLOeMY9MKyPm+Ql8/LGgW8M3AZ4DlSt+pWQVd6HqkMaHSM2vSZT9NTX2q4Pud+/FFR6dauwv6efl7U0QSr5qsCz2WvcYqhFqaVKVrt7xIWOzhvXU5zf2oZeXd77lbJfyi9rPK9/LuxSrQ+R3i/7MqSMQ/h69RVAlsH7xzQWe6gQP42p9XOj7ganGUuOe9blDoIpT3zZPURwyyZa6fEsjoJqvHFsVgjEbT1Kzyi4V+1zc5din9ItlWFnkZMX61vpHJe049r3np8RO+SZnY43/S+fL4l9rblJnKBUzipEat3CstV/JTslV+TnXKI2V35UNjNcRCD8/ed199eP9utUDr1IFduDtEAcBCEAAAhMRIL9PBNq5TfjvRyfdX67ccy4bfvoQXfLwWiERAhCAAARaCZDfWwmOtz78/PjVrglYxp2A8cxEMgQgAAEIQAACMYHw16dvuq+u/fT551SX3rENdUup9Ll3KUyG2n/JoTiGjanP0q2fpy+ZFbpBAAIQWDOB8I9n77pvbzzYNwHn/+KHdZZm3BAFyvLwVc7u1v3XUPgUn9qYyD1oVCuPdRCAAAQg0EYg/PryXfdD71XCrUWuTR29ulU/y3pVBGsLuWVvTWC+Ga360wTM5zt2hgAEIJAiEB7vXiV85b5+lXB8lyB11yC+mxAXy9aPGlQR6stX+qpwqP24QN1BKDEYik/urk7fHyX7LGPKF8lg291tUjoovzAOAQhAAALDEfjiZ4M9V8Hqyi7+aGHMAqB0STUFJYw1RU65pYWtV7bi4dHlsHcrk7jJqb2jolgwDgEIQAACNgL7Fwjd6L07wFMcPIUmVQCGLAJKF5oA+1V4LgaGagK8vrCFMrMgAAEIQMBLYPImwKugdb6lCbAWn9Zil9O5pcFSHJT9arwvf4omwOoLZTfjEIAABCBQTyD8vrsTcN14J6CfuEufG6duH3uKUI05HvmeYlyji6UJUPp6GxGvvBoGpY93LJyUjnF8WWQyBwIQgAAE6gmEJ7sHA3/86eODgfEt+5LYUhPQl5O6wvQWOKt5ns+cLU2MdV/PvBwbL//Unsr+eO9cUS7FQUl/S7z0PwJSMeThylwIQAACEPATCA9P3nWXel8RtIgY63axZW/rnLEaDev+c8/buv1z82d/CEAAAmsgEP65+7Gg727qVwmruwRqfEoYS9JlSrsPe23d/jmYsycEIACBNRIIf3vypvv6mm4C1mgcOkMAAhCAAAQgkCcQfl7IWwRxEgQgAAEIQAAC0xII//XwpPvz5bvT7spuEIAABCAAAQjMToAmYHYXoAAEIAABCEBgHgK7jwNedV/9eH+e3dkVAhCAAAQgAIHZCIS/P33bfcODgbM5gI0hAAEIQAACcxEIv7zYvUr4Ft8OmMsB7AsBCEAAAhCYi0B4/Hr3KuF7NAFzOYB9IQABCEAAAnMR+OLdAXMpwr4QgAAEIAABCExLILzYvUDoVu8FQtNuz24QgAAEIAABCMxFIJzsmoA7NAFz8WdfCEAAAhCAwGwEwutdE3CXJmA2B7AxBCAAAQhAYC4C+ybgHk3AXPzZFwIQgAAEIDAbgfBm1wTc/9QE8PrZ2fzAxhCAAAQgAIHJCYQ3p6efm4Dz3WkEJvcBG0IAAhCAAARmIfBFE0AjMIsf2BQCEIAABCAwOYFkE0AjMLkf2BACEIAABCAwOYFsE0AjMLkv2BACEIAABCAwKQHuBEyKm80gAAEIQAACyyHAMwHL8QWaQAACEIAABCYlwLcDJsXNZhCAAAQgAIHlELjQBPD1wOU4Bk0gAAEIQAACYxMoPhg49ubIhwAEIAABCEBgPgL7JoCfDZ7PAewMAQhAAAIQmItAeL1rAniB0Fz42RcCEIAABCAwH4FwsmsCDq8S5pmA+RzBzhCAAAQgAIGpCYSXuybgVu8tgjQCU7uA/SAAAQhAAALzEAi/75qA69GrhGkE5nEGu0IAAhCAAASmJBCevDntrtx78MWeNAJTuoG9IAABCEAAAtMTCL++OO2+v/VlE3CuCo3A9A5hRwhAAAIQgMBUBMLff3/XfX3tJ+4ETEWcfSAAAQhAAAILIRD++uR19+crdy6owx2AhXgHNSAAAQhAAAIjEgg/Pzrp/nTp9uctaABGpI1oCEAAAhCAwIIIhJ8f/9EE0AAsyDOoAgEIQAACEBiZwP7jgL9cuTvyNoiHAAQgAAEIQGBpBMI/np123yQeDFyaougDAQhAAAIQgMCwBMLDk9Puh8xXBIfdCmkQgAAEIAABCCyJQHh6/mNB9z/+TgDPBCzJNegCAQhAAAIQGJdAeBb9bDCNwLjAkQ4BCEAAAhBYCoHwYtcE3OTdAUvxB3pAAAIQgAAEJiOwf5Xw7agJ4KOByfizEQQgAAEIQGA2AtkmgEZgNp+wMQQgAAEIQGASAuFl4uMAGoBJ2LMJBCAAAQhAYFYC+wcDb/BMwKxOYHMIQAACEIDAHATC03en3dVeE8C3A+ZwA3tCAAIQgAAEpicQHr0+7S7f43cCpkfPjhCAAAQgAIF5CXz8xcA7H5sA/kEAAhCAAAQgsB0C4ZcXp913/GzwdjyOpRCAAAQgAIFPBMI/n++agJvcCSAiIAABCEAAAlsjEH55/v7znQAeCtya+7EXAhCAAAS2TGD3TMD7C88E0AhsORywHQIQgAAEtkQgPH7zvrvy6dsBB8NpBLYUAtgKAQhAAAJbJRB+P31/4XcCaAS2GgrYDQEIQAACWyMQnr9//8UvBtIIbC0MsBcCEIAABLZIIJzsmoBbvEVwi77HZghAAAIQ2DiB8GrXBNzh3QEbDwPMhwAEIACBLRIIr6MmgIcCtxgG2AwBCEAAAlskEN70mgAagC2GADZDAAIQgMBWCVxoArYKAbshAAEIQAACWySw/zjgduLBwC3CwGYIQAACEIDAlgjsHwxMfTtgSxCwFQIQgAAEILBFAvuvCN78dCeAZwK2GALYDAEIQAACWyVwoQk4h0AjsNVQwG4IQAACENgagS+aABqBrYUA9kIAAhCAwFYJJJsAGoGthgN2QwACEIDAlgjsHww8PBMQG85HA1sKBWyFAAQgAIGtEdh/RZB3B2zN7dgLAQhAAAIQ2D0HGP9sMB8FEBYQgAAEIACBbRD44hcD+QhgG47HSghAAAIQgADvDiAGIAABCEAAAhslkPw4YKMsMBsCEIAABCCwKQL7rwjy7oBN+RxjIQABCEAAAnsC4UXhK4IwggAEIAABCEDgeAmEZ7sm4DrvDjheD2MZBCAAAQhAIEMgPH33vrv604PPw3w7gFiBAAQgAAEIbINAePz6fXfl3h9NwP4zghD2/8c/CEAAAhCAAASOl0B49Op9d+nuxSaARuB4HY5lEIAABCAAgQOB8PBk1wTc+bIJoBEgSCAAAQhAAALHTSA8yjQBfCRw3I7HOghAAAIQgMD+mYDLPBNAJEAAAhCAAAQ2RyA8ebN7MPA+3w7YnOcxGAIQgAAENk8g/H76obvG7wRsPhAAAAEIQAAC2yMQXnz40N341ARsz3wshgAEIAABCGyXQDjZNQG3aAK2GwFYDgEIQAACmyUQXu+agDs0AZsNAAyHAAQgAIHtEghvd03AXZ4J2G4EYDkEIAABCGyWQHi3awLu9e4E8PsAm40FDIcABCAAgY0R+KIJOLefRmBjUYC5EIAABCCwSQLhdHcn4H7imQAagU3GA0ZDAAIQgMCGCGSbAO4IbCgKMBUCEIAABDZJgDsBm3Q7RkMAAhCAAAR2H/+nPg7gowBCAwIQgAAEIHD8BL5oAmgAjt/pWAgBCEAAAhDYf+zfvxNAA0BQQAACEIAABLZDoPhg4HYwYCkEIAABCEBgewRoArbncyyGAAQgAAEI7AkkfywINhCAAAQgAAEIHD+BC00AzwQcv8OxEAIQgAAEIHAgEN5EbxGkESA4IAABCEAAAtsgsH+V8O3oZ4NpBLbhfKyEAAQgAIFtEwgvz866m7w7YNtRgPUQgAAEILBJAuHZ+7PuWqIJOKfBHYFNxgRGQwACEIDARgiEJ2/Ousv3HnxhLg3ARiIAMyEAAQhAYLMEwq8vz7rvb11sAmgANhsPGA4BCEAAAhsiEP7++2n3zfU/mgAagA15H1MhAAEIQGDTBMJfn77p/nL1/h4CDcCmYwHjIQABCEBgYwTCz49fdX++8rEJ4B8EIAABCEAAAtshQBOwHV9jKQQgAAEIQOACgf3HAV9d/QksEIAABCAAAQhsjED4x+7BwG9vfHwwsPWZgMN6JSc13l+7Bh/ENsS2KwZLtHGNOi+RIzpBAAIQWAuB8HD3FcEfbg/77QBVTHLjat1SoFr1X4s9fa5r1HkpcYEeEIAABNZGIDzd/VjQlfvD/k5AbSGpXTcl9JKOubsDU+o3xF5r8MMQdiIDAhCAwNYJhGcf0j8b3FII1JWydfx83uFf/HGB+kihv7b/Ucfh76X18Z65/46DRzUB6uOS0riyX+0dM4j5KFu2flCwHwIQgMAxEggnmRcI9YuG13DVQKgmwFKE46JoKWL9fVPrVSG12jWEbNWktDYFVlu8vmc+BCAAAQish0B4vWsC4lcJtzQAlrWtTUDuaj6+kvbeDRiqCcgxKBXelO4e/a26q7sR1rse6wlxNIUABCAAgRyB8HbXBNyN3iKorhIVTrW+tQlI7a+KYE1zoq7G1d0Hq50W3dQcZb/ySd8Wz1wVC4xDAAIQgMByCYR3uybgXq8JGKIAKBnW4qgKW6lweQt4fAVsuWr3NAHKFjWumoD+uMV2qw+WG7poBgEIQAACrQTCaa8JUMVbbaZuaZfG+3v359UU58Nt9JzM+Da75c6CteD3ZecKuyrApSKufGRpXtT+ys+MQwACEIDAcRDYNwH3o48DjsO0eitUoa2XzEoIQAACEIDAcgjQBHzyRXyXYjkuQhMIQAACEIDAOARoAsbhilQIQAACEIDA4glcaAK4Db54f6EgBCAAAQhAYDACX9wJoBEYjC2CIAABCEAAAosmkPw4gEZg0T5DOQhAAAIQgMAgBLLPBNAIDMIXIRCAAAQgAIHFEig+GEgjsFi/oRgEIAABCECgmQB3ApoRIgACEIAABCCwTgI8E7BOv6E1BCAAAQhAoJnAKO8OaNYKARCAAAQgAAEIjE5g/xbBO59+NphnAEbnzQYQgAAEIACBxRAIb3ZNwG3eHbAYh6AIBCAAAQhAYCoC4WTXBNygCZiKN/tAAAIQgAAEFkMgPP9w1l396cFiFEIRCEAAAhCAAASmIRCevj3rLt3+2ATwTMA00NkFAhCAAAQgsAQC4dHJWfft9T/uBNAILMEt6AABCEAAAhAYn0D45dlp95crdy/sRCMwPnh2gAAEIAABCMxNIPz96evuTz/c/EIPGoG5XcP+EIAABCAAgXEJhL8+Pun+47sbyV1oBMaFj3QIQAACEIDAnATCz49Oun//7jp3Aub0AntDAAIQgAAEZiAQ/rprAv7j+4t3ArgDMIMn2BICEIAABCAwMYHwt/NnAi7d/rwtDcDEHmA7CEAAAhCAwEwEwj933w746sd7++1pAGbyAttCAAIQgAAEZiAQHp7/TsANfjFwBvZsCQEIQAACEJiVQHj6ZveLgXdoAmb1AptDAAIQgAAEZiAQnr0/637k3QEzoGdLCEAAAhCAwLwEwovdWwSvfXqLIM8EzOsMdocABCAAAQhMSeBCE3C+MY3AlPjZCwIQgAAEIDAfgY+vEv50J+CgBo3AfA5hZwhAAAIQgMBUBMJv7866K/e+fDCQRmAqF7APBCAAAQhAYB4C4dGrs+77W+lvB9AIzOMUdoUABCAAAQhMQSD88vx998017gRMAZs9IAABCEAAAksisHuV8Jvuz1fuXtCJOwBLchG6QAACEIAABMYhsHuV8KvuTz/w7oBx8CIVAhCAAAQgsFwC4eddE/CfP9zaa8gdgOU6Cs0gAAEIQAACQxPYvUXwTfeny3eGlos8CEAAAhCAAAQWTuDjWwSv3l+4mqgHAQhAAAIQgMDQBMKj3VsEv7vJC4SGBos8CEAAAhCAwNIJ7H8s6PLdj00AzwQs3V3oBwEIQAACEBiOAO8OGI4lkiAAAQhAAAKrIhBOdm8RvMG7A1blNJSFAAQgAAEIDEEgvNo1ATejJoCPBoZAiwwIQAACEIDAsgns7wSkmgAagWU7Du0gAAEIQAACrQT2zwRc505AK0fWQwACEIAABFZHIDw7Pet+vH/xK4J8S2B1fkRhCEAAAhCAgJtAePrmrLt0548mgAbAzZAFEIAABCAAgVUS2P9Y0PeffiyIBmCVPkRpCEAAAhCAQBWB8OuLs+7b6/xiYBU9FkEAAhCAAARWTCD88vxD9801moAV+xDVIQABCEAAAlUEuBNQhY1FEIAABCAAgfUT+PgCoRu8O2D9rsQCCEAAAhCAgI9AePz6rPvhFt8O8GFjNgQgAAEIQGD9BPZvEbxyj98JWL8rsQACEIAABCDgIxCefzjrrvGLgT5qzIYABCAAAQgcAQHeHXAETsQECEAAAhCAQA2B8Hr37oDb3AmoYccaCEAAAhCAwKoJhLe7JuBO1ATwy4Gr9inKQwACEIAABEwEwrtdE3Cv1wTQAJi4MQkCEIAABCCwegLh9MOHz00ADcDq/YkBEIAABCAAATOBfRNwP/FMgFkCEyEAAQhAAAIQWCUBmoBVug2lIQABCEAAAu0EaALaGSIBAhCAAAQgsEoCF5oAnglYpQ9RGgIQgAAEIFBF4Is7ATQCVRxZBAEIQAACEFgdgfAu8WAgjcDq/IjCEIAABCAAATeBZBNwLoVGwM2SBRCAAAQgAIFVEcg2ATQCq/IjykIAAhCAAATcBMK79++TvxPAnQA3SxZAAAIQgAAEVkUg2QTQAKzKhygLAQhAAAIQqCIQ3u7uBPDugCp2LIIABCAAAQismkB4s2sC7n762WDuAKzalygPAQhAAAIQcBEIr3dNQPwqYZcEJkMAAhCAAAQgsEoC4WTXBNzkBUKrdB5KQwACEIAABFoIhGe7JuAaTUALQ9ZCAAIQgAAEVkkgPH37vrty78Fe+ZZnAg5r4/+/SioZFi181soBvSEAAQhA4HgJhIcn77sfbn9sAoZqBIaQNSfyUrGnEZjTM+wNAQhAAAJDEgj/fP6++/bGH01ASyMQF8g1FkyLzpY5QzoJWRCAAAQgAIExCIR//H7afX3tpy9k1xQ61QSojwpK4/2xVKOi9u6vydnmsdkzdwzHIRMCEIAABCDQSuBjE3D1yyag5o5A6rmA3EcDqminimz/b61NgZKvwNIEKEKMQwACEIDA0gmEfz57331z7eLHATUNQLzGW2QtDxaWCr+1qbDcbbA4jSbAQok5EIAABCCwZALh15fvu+9uTvtMgLdByN1N6IO1NgHKGZbibpmj9mEcAhCAAAQgMDeB8Pj1++7SnfG/HeAt0jWNgucqv1TIa8fmdib7QwACEIAABDwEwm+n77sf7w/7OwG5K/ehHgw8l5P7Zyngliv5mibEA565EIAABCAAgbkJhBe7Xwy8zi8Gzu0H9ocABCAAAQhMToB3B0yOnA0hAAEIQAACyyAQXu3uBNzmTsAyvIEWEIAABCAAgQkJ7O8E3PrUBKjP7CfUq7iV5TP9oXW1fIVx6D2RBwEIQAACEBiTwOePA9TT+wclSg/lDaGoRf4cTcC5bVZGQ3BABgQgAAEIQGBsAp9fJWwpcGMX37Hlt8K0MGrdg/UQgAAEIACBqQiEp292rxK++0C+RthyO9zyPf3DlX6uoFplxHcMUvrFEPtzUlf2CrpqAtTHKVbbLHcdSl9hXHozpTgzDgEIQAAC0xC48IuBcZHMFVGLaup79qm9rMVLya4tosquUqNhbRAOeygbVMPi3U/ZxjgEIAABCGyPQPj7b2+7r368f8HyXDFWRVpdjXsLW84dqoCO3QTk7iKU+HjvpMR7WIu+uhuxvRDHYghAAAIQyNbTnx+fdH+6dNv00JulyFmvdFMKqSbDI9taND2hoWR69PPar/a2svPYy1wIQAACEDhuAuG/H77s/vOHm+4moKYoqULVH/c0HJYr//4c9bGH9Q5ESd8x+dTcCYkblHMZpUakdvy4jwvWQQACEDguAuG/H53smoBbe6sst5JLBbR0u98iO9YhRl26pa6Kbk6W1Z0pu3N75hqYEgMvH1XAa4u4apDUuJUn8yAAAQhAYH4C4a9PXnd/vnxnfk1G1sDbJIysDuIhAAEIQAACsxMI//j9tPv62k+zKzKFAtar7Sl0YQ8IQAACEIDA3ATCw5MP3fe3Pr5KmH8QgAAEIAABCGyHQHj69kN35b6tCbDcUh/rarv0PMC5u9T4waXqM+2c/l75qRCyPFdwsMUbglb9cnJb16d8EO+V2qM/Z0w+8T5evhb74hhTttXoMNeaIeJjLt2t+1pzV+qZH5VXrDpY5tU8c2SN31o7thAfFt+0zLHU1xb52dz//MOH7rrxLYJKSTVeMiD3IFsqkeaSrdq/P146yK3ylexYj5KNfV1UAJTsH4Kv8l9/D+WLflJS/9vCR7EpFejD/q0yLHtY/GDVY8h5Fr0sPh1SpyFlWexT/lPjueJssaNVP+UbNR6fwVhni36WPSwstjpnLn7hZNcEHN4iqOCrIhMHiqdjthwgBalFP1W4U4ek1FRYdT0wO8zPcWjl07pexUYqaViagtj+ONFa+Sj9huCrioBVBzVvjvGp42NqGy32zelfj34Wdtb8Y7XZop/a06L3lufMxS+82TUBd4x3AuIrplKSzzmzn4xV4VDjClqpSMdFvTXIlS7W4C7poXRUOrSut9pgbZiUPqn9atb05bTwVQnT2mikzkD8t5SeJfme9Tk7FFtrfOXktOiv9u7HnNpfxbFabx3v58ch9FPxVYpzFR/K96kzXZufrfxS9hyYqnjwnh8VE8p/pf3i86ZyUH++Ra/WOeHtrgm462gCVHFvVmj3Izbx4clBVIesP66c5DkEpSSuCoXio/RQAaQSRe36WG6KQXxQckkpd5AVG0siUjJa+Fp9q5KcpQjn+JZ06O9bG6Ot8WGxLefHkv7epG/1QU2jaZWdskfFkIpPdQZKcVPKDanz7WVTkjGE/6aID2t989YTZb/KW2OOh3e7JuDegpqAUpCrA+I9dJb5h4IV65VzqirCypnKRisfSzKPdSnxUHqXZMXNwZKbAJVkW8ZVIogTuCXGUo1Wjq/a31OgVBLMxYO1EFnPW6yz5fypM1Y7rvgquYq/dTwVo6UCquars53Sa83xUWp+VHzFZ7gmPr25tnX+vgm4P1ITUAqEfnG1dpzqEJUOoQpKNa4OikoAVkcpG0uJwKNDjb1WG0qs+n632poqdB5datbXNFEqSSv/ePa0+E8lb89+Kv4VY4uvPfoolio+PHspjjm/5/YYmoUlfypeatzCwCqjJnZT8VeKOasuKk7Umc5xieubxedWXYaeN1gTYE0SuU6pJpBVYLY0BRZ7+vKHCjpPsKg9lazW9a2HUOlniQnrIfQe5lLSUXpbk7/i7+GrkmRsv7Jh6Pi32Kp06ucOlWSVrKn9a7Ff5bNSDCv5reOWs+jJt159LPE9RHzk6pPSN9ZPzbfE59DFPidv0CagD2IoIw+HveTgeF/LYYmTSC5JpvZPyVdOVw6N7bPys+qXDYBPLxJKBb9VB2uBSdmouJT8kvKhOsQqjlKJ2KpDyYd9liXWJebxupzMXGyXmooh4kOxtSRpFXNWPhYGh7wxhX9rc2PfDpUjWvi36mfJHy36qbWWJt8iI5c/FJ9UXOZqgopxa04cat7gTcBQiiEHAhAYh8DSktA4ViIVAhCwEKAJsFBiDgRWTsByFbRyE1EfAhCoIDDYtwMq9mYJBCAAAQhAAAIzErjQBLTcJlSfV81o46RbWz6TnlShETYrfW42wnaIXBmBljyyMlNRFwKrJ/DFjwW1HODcgxCrp2Q0IPWgVn9pC1ujCpNNG8sW6wNdkxnKRm4CY8WGWxEWQAACkkDyZ4NrD/ExNAG1V7mep0OlV1YwoTZGSqaNIXMFKFERAhCAwGwEwqvdjwXdTvxYUE1CVk2AejipNB4XZ+teqSvxkm1TNgE1jHORovicr2vhn1ofX7Urn1gaAGsM1Nwx8MhOybesL935saw/7FsTG6UYsPimVb+h42u2rMjGENgQgf1bBG9mfjHQm4jiJNBPpCoJqfF+EYoLUjxW89+tPk+xKtnkZWvRry9TNQVqf+UPr71e/eP5Sh+LfEuBPsxR+6nxXLzm5Kv4VvYpfVrHPfrVxIbST9nPOAQgUEcgvHj3obt+78EXq1WRSG2XKkKlxJsaq70aUUkk1aD0m5Q6fH+s8iS+GrYW/SxXgla+Vp6ewqpsKHFR+ijZceOo5Fn8mbP9EFe5piz2U9wYpNYr+7z25OZb4yPVaFsaHIt8ZSvjEIDAcATCs9cfuqu3LzYBtUVKJSJLkiiZ1lIkrDblErRCbikaqklSe6hxD59YlvKdGk8VBSvzUlzkxlplK3u8LGPfxjws+lrm5GLAa4+ar5p87zn12OaZq84E4xCAQJlA+O3lh+7KjT+agJYDWEosKumo8dKVR+pK6nA15S0itU2AJel7bIz1twSyp3ApXbzjFh8oG0pNktLHI9vSsKj9VNPXul7ZM3QTp/S1nD9Pk6/2y8Vyy/n0MmU+BLZAIDx99qG7fPVjEzBEA9AvXrmDbjnguSKudLQUQiWjxfG5JJX6e6mQeJuAvvzcWjUn1rHkPxUvtYxLSV7pr/xWsk8Vpb69Kn5zbEr6t9qW0q90hkqNkIpLa3wNef5TTabyN+MQgIAmEB7//qH74ccvnwnQS5kxNIHawjm0Hq3yjsWOVg5zrscHc9Jnbwish0B4/NuuCbhCE7Aely1T0yGuZJdp2fq0whfr8xkaQ2AuAuHx010TcJkmYC4HsC8EIAABCEBgLgI0AXORZ18IQAACEIDAzAT4OGBmB7A9BCAAAQhAYC4C4QnPBMzFnn0hAAEIQAACsxIIT3ffDrjEg4GzOoHNIQABCEAAAnMQ+NgE8BXBOdizJwQgAAEIQGBWAvsm4DJNwKxOYHMIQAACEIDAHAQ+/mIgTcAc7NkTAhCAAAQgMCsB7gTMip/NIQABCEAAAvMR2H87gAcD53MAO0MAAhCAAATmIsCPBc1Fnn0hAAEIQAACMxMIj56877774f7MarA9BCAAAQhAAAJTEwi/PHzbff3tnan3ZT8IQAACEIAABGYmEP72j5PuT1/dmFkNtocABCAAAQhAYGoC4b9+/r379//8cep92Q8CEIAABCAAgZkJhP/9fx53/+PffphZDbaHAAQgAAEIQGBqAuH/+/9/7f7ff/1u6n3ZDwIQgAAEIACBmQmE//m/fun+n3/5dmY12B4CEIAABCAAgakJ7JqA8zsBNAFTg2c/CEAAAhCAwNwEwv/634+6f+WZgLn9wP4QgAAEIACByQmE//NfT7t/+/crk2/MhhCAAAQgAAEIzEsg/Py3591//vn6vFqwOwQgAAEIQAACkxMIf//nq+4vX9+efGM2hAAEIAABCEBgXgK7nw1+133z/b15tWB3CEAAAhCAAAQmJxAenr9A6NKDyTdmQwhAAAIQgAAE5iWwe5XwWffDZZqAed3A7hCAAAQgAIHpCYTHv+2agCs0AdOjZ0cIQAACEIDAvAT+LzM2onE3pEFCAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

If you want a better, more formal introduction to getting R and Tableau
talking, you should refer to the [official help
page](http://onlinehelp.tableausoftware.com/v8.1/pro/online/en-us/help.htm#r_connection_manage.html).

### Tableau and Google Analytics

Now let's connect Tableau to the Google Analytics API for our school's
website. When you fire up Tableau, on the `Connect to Data` page, select
`Google Analytics` from the left-hand menu.

![connect](data:image/png;base64,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)

This will bring up a dialog box asking you to authenticate with the
Google Analytics API. We did this programatically in the last blog, but
it's all the same thing conceptually.

![connect](data:image/png;base64,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)

Say `Sign In`, and on the next page, `Accept` that Tableau will
programtically access our GA data.

![accept](data:image/png;base64,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)

### Let's analyze some data

As promised in the title, I mentioned that we would be doing something
beyond basic reporting. There are a ton awesome questions we can ask
from the GA API, but for this post, we are going to grab some basic web
stats aggregated by page for January through October 2013.

![data](data:image/png;base64,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)

If you think in SQL, then the query is something like…..

    SELECT page, bounces, entrances, exits, pageviews, time on page, visits
    FROM Google
    WHERE date >= 1/1/2013 and date <= 10/31/13
    GROUP BY page

Being able to quickly and easily access our GA data from inside Tableau
is awesome, but you need to be mindful of how it hits the API. For basic
exploration, it's not a big deal, but if you are using Tableau to study
your school's website and make decisions, you should really figure out
whether or not your data are being
[sampled](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/1042498?hl=en).

#### A quick summary of our data

Before performing any sort of detailed analysis, you really should take
some time to evaluate the data beforehand. Visuals are great, but
sometimes we just need to look at the raw data ([e.g. Tableau feature
request](http://community.tableausoftware.com/ideas/2685))

Here is how I setup my report; our summary stats by page.

![tableau-report](data:image/png;base64,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)

Given our URL structure, we retain the search parameters in the page
path, which means each search request is a different page. Because I am
more interested in the root page, let's standardize our page paths.

You should be able to copy and paste the code below into Tableau's
calculated field box. The `//` symbols are how we can include comments
(and document!) our calculations.

    // This function cleans the URLs of any search parameters
    // You might not need this function, but hopefully it helps
    IF CONTAINS([Page], "?")
    THEN LEFT([Page], FIND([Page], "?"))
    ELSE [Page]
    END

You might want to calculate the basic KPI's that Google does for us
automatically. Reference [this
page](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/reporting/core/dimsmets)
for help and further discussion on the calculations. For example:

    // Bounce Rate
    [Bounces] / [Visits]

    // Entrance Rate
    [Entrances] / [Visits]

    // Avg Time on Page
    [Time on Page] / [Pageviews]

However, to keep things easy, I am going to use the basic data.

#### Cluster Analysis

Be forewarned, creating `R` code in Tableau is a nightmare. I **highly**
recommend writing your code externally and simply sourcing it in
Tableau.

The code below is a function that takes the data from Tableau, puts it
into a dataframe, standardizes the values, and then uses
[kmeans](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K-means_clustering) clustering to
find 3 groups of similar pages. We will group the pages on 3 metrics
(bounces, entrances, and exits).

I put this function in a script called `cluster.r`.

    cluster_tableau = function(.arg1, .arg2, .arg3) {
        # put the tableau data into a dataframe
        df = data.frame(v1 = .arg1, v2 = .arg2, v3 = .arg3)
        # scale the data
        df = scale(df)
        # 3 clusters using kmean
        clus = kmeans(df, 3)
        # return the cluster assignments
        return(as.character(clus$cluster))
    }

Next we have to call the code from Tableau, which we do using a
calculated field.

![calc](data:image/png;base64,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)

That's it. Now, you can insert the cluster field into your table to
slice and dice the segments.

Moving on
---------

This post was intended to highlight what's currently possible by calling
R from within Tableau. As mentioned above, this doesn't really make my
workflow easier. In addition, there has been alot of discussion of
predictive analytics on the \#emchat hashtag. We ***could*** fit models
to our Tableau data with R. That said, the modeling process is much
easier in R. Hopefully in the near future, Tableau will release a
package that let's us do our advanced analysis in R, and then save
Tableau datasets for visualization and reporting.
