---
layout: post
---

# Forecast College Enrollment


As of late, there has been a surge in conversation around the topic of
the `college-going population` here in the United States.

One one hand, we have long talked about the "The Perfect Storm" of
demographics. For example, here is a simple [Google
Search](http://goo.gl/T3OyCF). On the other, the decline in college
enrollment, has been connected to changes in the [labor
market](http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/more-high-school-grads-decide-college-isnt-worth-it/).

In the end, it might be nice to review what data exist and highlight how
these flashy headlines could have been predictable well in advance of
2014.

About this post
---------------

For this post, I will be using using the `R` language to download the
data from [WICHE](http://www.wiche.edu/knocking-8th), an amazing
resource for projections of High School graduates by state. Using these
data, we can do all sorts of fun analyses.

In a future post, I will show you how to link WICHE to
[IPEDS](http://nces.ed.gov/ipeds) data in order to forecast college
participation rates by state.

While I will provide a few code snippets below, you should feel free to
clone my [Github Repo](https://github.com/Btibert3/Parse-WICHE) which
everything you need to replicate this post.

Also included is a Tableau Workbook. If you have Tableau Desktop, this
super basic workbook highlights how you can leverage parameters to
create your own forecasts.

Below is a screenshot of the workbook, which is a basic "Create-Your-Own
College Enrollment Forecast" of sorts.

![Tableau-ss](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Btibert3/Parse-WICHE/master/figs/Tableau.PNG)

Why this post
-------------

The changing demographics and volume of students that would be
considering a college education should not be news to anyone in
Enrollment Management. I hope to highlight how with just a few lines of
code, we can:

1.  Grab data that forecasts the volume of high school graduates
2.  Use `R` to parse, clean, and reshape the data (originally stored in
    Excel)
3.  Save out the data and leverage Tableau to do some basic forecasting

For those of you that might be new to `R`, reading code can be extremely
helpful when attempting to learn a new language. When possible, I always
try to comment the heck of out my code. Hopefully these comments can
help you in your journey.

Get the data
------------

With `R`, it's super simple to grab data from the web. The command below
will download the WICHE Excel Workbook.

    ## download the dataset into your working directory
    ## use mode option below so the file can open in R, error w/o it
    WICHE_DATA = "http://wiche.edu/info/knocking-8th/tables/allProjections.xlsx"
    download.file(url=WICHE_DATA, destfile="raw/wiche.xlsx", mode="wb")

It should be noted that the code above assumes that your current
directory (where you are running the code) has a folder called `raw`. To
assure that this is the case, just do this:

    ## ensure that we have a directory to store the raw data
    if (!file.exists("raw")) dir.create("raw")
    if (!file.exists("figs")) dir.create("figs")

Now we can use the `RODBC` package (on Windows) to connect to the
workbook and query it as if the sheets were database tables.

    xl = odbcConnectExcel2007("raw/wiche.xlsx")

Because each state is a tab in the workbook, let's use `R` to define an
object that holds the state abbreivations, which we will use while
looping through the workbook.

    ## how cool is it that R has the State names and Abbreviations preloaded?
    ?state.name
    (states = state.name)
    length(states)
    states = c(states, "District of Columbia")

Finally, let's loop and build a dataset in the format we want:

    ## use a for loop -- not ideal but easy to read and debug
    wiche = data.frame(stringsAsFactors=FALSE)
    for (state in states) {
     raw = sqlFetch(xl, state, stringsAsFactors=FALSE)
     ## bc there is a structure to each sheet, we can reference each column by index
     ## no way is this ideal, but quick when data doesnt change
     ROWS = 9:40
     COLS = c(1, 3:10)
     ## create a flag for actual/projected -- hard coded from looking at Excel file
     status = c(rep("actual", 13), rep("projected", 19))
     ## keep the data
     df = raw[ROWS, COLS]
     colnames(df) = c('year',
                      'pub_amind',
                      'pub_asian',
                      'pub_black',
                      'pub_hisp',
                      'pub_white',
                      'pub_total',
                      'np_total',
                      'total')
     ## remove the commas -- using a for loop not ideal, but intuitive
     for (i in 2:ncol(df)) {
      df[,i] = as.numeric(gsub(",","", df[,i]))
     }
     df$state = state
     df$status = status
     ## bind onto the master data frame
     wiche = rbind.fill(wiche, df)
     ## status
     cat("finished ", state, "\n")
    }

A quick plot
------------

When playing around with data, it's usually a good practice to visualize
what you have. Below is a quick plot which represents both the actual
and forecasted volume of high school graduates going until the 2027/28
Academic year.

![plot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Btibert3/Parse-WICHE/master/figs/Total-HS-Grads.jpg)

Summary
-------

I would encourage the reader to browse the code, and if possible, fire
up the Tableau workbook. As an Enrollment Scientist, `R` and `Tableau`
are my two tools that I use on a daily basis.
