---
layout: post
---

# Reaction: Netflix-like Recommendations for College


Earlier today I saw the following post:

> Could a Netflix-like algorithm be the key to matching students to the
> right college? [http://t.co/6oPgM62zA9](http://t.co/6oPgM62zA9)
> [\#HigherEdData](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23HigherEdData&src=hash)
> [\#collegeaccess](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23collegeaccess&src=hash)
> — Chronicle Data (@chrondata) [January 23,
> 2014](https://twitter.com/chrondata/statuses/426427222459969536)

Before I go deeper into my thoughts on the matter, I want to give a
hat-tip to [Dan Jarratt](https://twitter.com/danjarratt) for actually
deploying his idea. Well done sir.

Dan is on to something and I commend his approach.  Trust me, if you
provide services to highered, you should follow Dan immediately.  He is
studying recommender systems.  What does that mean for you?  Dan is able
to synthesize actionable insights from Big Data.  Yes, I am
intentionally using a term that I loathe.  He is doing the type of
analyses today that highered will demand tomorrow.

Now, to my thoughts.....

I have long been pitching a "Netflix-type" algorithm for higher ed to my
family, friends, well, anyone that would listen really.  Highered
desperately needs disruption.  As a HUGE industry ([we were expected to
spend over a billion dollars in just paid advertising
alone](http://emgonline.com/blog/2013/09/how-much-do-you-spend-on-advertising/)),
I feel that we need to be more efficient.  Period.  If you follow me on
the Twitters, it should not surprise you that I am very much against
volume-based marketing.  Yes, we can target students, but I would hazard
a guess that many of us don't do it well.  Hell, I know that I
personally can do better.  My point?  Recommendation engines are the
future of student recruitment.

In the Chronicle article, Dan admits there is room for growth in his
approach, but in my opinion,  he is trying to get blood from a stone.
 Simply, he is doing the best he can with the data that are publicly
available.  For recommendation engines to work in this context,
enrollment scientists need access to **student-school** data.
 Student-school.... what?!?!?

For example, the algorithms that Amazon and Netflix use are based
upon **user-movie** and **user-product** pairs respectively.  Simply, a
user will rate a variety of products/movies.  From there, the websites
can recommend other products/movies based on other statistically similar
users or products.  There are many ways to do this, but that's the art
behind the science.

I have long wanted to get my hands on the database from services like
Zinch or Cappex to explore this type of analysis, as they are well
positioned to deploy this type of service.  As much as we think each
prospective student is unique, the reality is that we can deploy various
statistical techniques to find groups of similar students, or in Dan's
case, statistically similar colleges.

From there, we can leverage the "college-search graph" to help students
like themselves find the colleges they are looking for, easily.  This
type of student-school recommendation engine can help students narrow
their list quickly to focus on the institution that fits them best.
 After all, [satisficing](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Satisficing) is
very real, and Barry Schwartz has exposed the [Paradox of
Choice](http://www.ted.com/talks/barry_schwartz_on_the_paradox_of_choice.html).

Because Cappex and Zinch need to make money, the leads we (i.e.
colleges) would get from this service would be more valuable because
they are better qualified for our institution, as such, basic economics
would suggest we should pay more for these prospects. If we can get a
better ROI on our spend, then logic would suggest that is where we would
allocate our budget.

The takeaway?  Graphs ([I mean this kind of
graph](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graph_theory)) are the future of
student recruitment.
